MANA TABLE - NATIVE TABLE ASSETS

This build contains no generated arena illustration. Its default surface, card
backs, rings, highlights, and arrows are neutral primitives rendered in code.
Existing Magic card portraits remain separate from the table asset system.

Artist-authored files can be placed beside this document. Restart the client to
load them. A file can be omitted while its replacement is being worked on.

arena.png        Flat, top-down play surface, ideally 3328 x 1944, opaque RGB.
                 It is mapped onto the oval table inside the physical rim;
                 corners outside the oval are clipped. Do not bake perspective
                 or screen lighting into the image. The camera supplies that.
                 Keep the center and card ranks low contrast. Do not paint
                 labels, cards, slots, player borders, or UI into the surface.
card-back.png    Anonymous card back, 672 x 936 or another portrait 5:7 ratio.
                 Do not include any card identity. Used for hidden hands/decks.

Optional PCM WAV cues (short, normalized conservatively; missing files are silent):
card-play.wav, your-priority.wav, combat.wav, life-loss.wav, game-end.wav.
Players can mute cues and disable movement in Settings.

The logical battlefield is 1600 x 900, scaled uniformly with the window:
  One perspective table has left, far, right, and near seats. Opponent cards
  rotate with their seats. Separate creature and land rows lie on the same plane.
  The local battlefield occupies the near side. The rim and piles have thickness.
  The local hand fans across the bottom; player controls sit at lower left.
  The stack floats above the shared center; the primary decision is lower right.
  Life counters use circular crops of existing commander illustrations. Those
  are cosmetic public identities; no hidden hand faces are used for portraits.
  Cards, portraits, and modal choices must remain legible over the background.

Assets are copied to the native publish/package by the project automatically.
Keep original editable artwork and its license/attribution alongside the assets
when adding finished work. The renderer never derives game rules from artwork.

For an entirely local card-art collection, launch with --art-manifest <file.json>.
The JSON object maps card names to image paths relative to that manifest, for example:
  { "Forest": "cards/forest.png", "Llanowar Elves": "cards/llanowar-elves.png" }
Back faces use the key "Card Name\u0000back". This provider loads only your local
files; missing entries retain the readable text fallback. Image paths must stay
inside the manifest directory. The default Magic provider uses the existing art cache.
